feat(logs): add resources (#205)
coveo/platform-client: README.md

| `organizationId`   | yes      | undefined                            | The unique identifier of the target organization.                                                                                                |
| `environment`      | optional | `'production'`                       | The target environment. If one of following: `'development'`, `'staging'`, `'production'`, `'hipaa'`; automatically targets the associated host. |
| `host`             | optional | `'https://platform.cloud.coveo.com'` | The target host. Useful to target local hosts when testing.                                                                                      |

> | `serverlessHost`   | optional | `'https://api.cloud.coveo.com'`      | The target serverless host. Used for Logs endpoints.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `serverlessHost`   | optional | `'https://api.cloud.coveo.com'`      | The target host for serverless APIs.                                                                                             |
```
